"When I first started free handing my knit projects, I did so without any prep and just went straight in. I mostly ended up with projects that didn’t fit or I lost motivation because I didn’t have a clear idea in mind. Instead, I really recommend taking the time to plan out your project and think about what your end result should look like. I love using Milanote for this so let me show you how I plan out my freehand projects. 

I’m very happy to announce that Milanote is also the sponsor of this video. Milanote is a tool for organizing your creative projects, to help you plan, brainstorm, and collaborate on ideas.

First up I make sure I have all my materials ready, I love that I can tick them off as I gather them so I know what’s still missing. I then go straight into vision boarding and for this I made a separate board for just inspiration

Here I laid out my inspo from pinterest, instagram, screenshots and my phone and try to organise them into sections of what I like about them. Writing down what I do and don’t like really helps me then collate exactly what I want my project to look like

I add another column to my board and within that I create a table so i can make note of my gauge as well as my own body measurements. I used to always skip this part, but this is the most important step if you want to successfully freehand a jumper. Below the table I also like to add the yarn I am using to remind myself of the colour palette and also refer back to any product information.
 
The last thing I add is a step-by-step tracker to which breaks your knit project up into easy to follow steps, we’ll refer back to this throughout this video

Milanote makes starting a new project easy, with over 100 built-in templates available for every type of creative project. For example, I like to use the Craft Project Moodboard template to visualise project ideas that I have which helps me later on to actually bring them to live

Milanote is perfect for creative professionals - whether you’re a filmmaker, interior designer, writer, or content creator, it is designed to help you organise your work

Finally, Milanote is available for free with no time-limit so sign up for a free Milanote account using the link in the description."