Living with LK Creative Brief
Made with
Living with LK Creative Brief
Collaboration Timeline

Step 1.
Choose a video topic and Milanote use case
Step 2.
Draft boards and script for the segment
Step 3.
Shoot the draft video segment
Step 4.
Publish the video and receive payment
Milanote Overview

What is Milanote?
Milanote is a tool for organizing creative projects
Milanote exists to help people think and plan better at the early stages of the creative process. Its a flexible and unstructured workspace that lets ideas grow in whatever way makes sense to you. It feels less like traditional software and more like working on a wall in a creative studio.

Getting familiar with Milanote
If you're new to Milanote, start by
signing up for a free account
.
We suggest spending some time
familiarising yourself with Milanote
. Trying the product will allow you to understand how the features work and how they can fit into your creative process, as well as give you an opportunity to come up with ideas for a good project to share with your audience.
Step 1: Choose a video topic and Milanote use case
Milanote is designed to help you plan and organize your creative projects. For your video, select a project that not only showcases how you use Milanote to bring your creative ideas to life but also aligns with your chosen video topic.
For example, if youre video topic is a room makeover, you could make Milanote boards showcasing the project plan and a moodboard of images that inspired the new design.
Once you have decided on a video topic and related Milanote project, share it with us for review.

Suggestions for your Milanote project
Make a plan for your project
Write a project brief
Collect inspiration in a moodboard
Make a shopping list of products and materials to buy
Create a board showcasing the final design concepts

Things to avoid:
Home tours / reviews
Building supplies and shopping guide
House cleaning tips
Planning my YouTube content

YouTube collaboration examples
Step 2: Draft your Milanote boards and script for the segment
Boards
Once we've agreed on the video topic and how Milanote fits in, you can begin assembling the Milanote boards you will show in your video. In most cases, this will be the audiences first impression of Milanote, so your boards will need to be well-presented, look visually engaging and showcase the correct usage of the tool. When you've completed your Milanote boards, please share a link with us for review.

Please make sure that '
Invite editors via a link
' is enabled, as tips/ suggestions may be added to the boards.

Guidelines for Creating Your Boards:
Multiple Boards:
Ensure you complete at least two boards. Create a
Project Plan
and an additional sub-board inside i.e.
Moodboard
.
Variety of Elements
:
Include various elements such as notes, images, website links, sketches, task cards, and color swatches.
Visual Appeal
: Design your boards to be visually engaging. Use a balanced mix of images, arrows linking related cards, and a thoughtfully planned layout.
Board Titles
:
Choose goal-oriented titles for your boards, such as Client Brief or Moodboard, to clearly indicate their purpose.
What to Avoid:
Empty Cards:
Steer clear of including blank note cards or task lists.
YouTube References:
Avoid using YouTube-related names or references, such as "YouTube Board" or "Brand Sponsorship Script." Avoid showcasing planning out thumbnails and video titles.
Insufficient Content:
Ensure boards are not sparse or lacking in meaningful content.
Aimless Content Dumps:
Refrain from creating boards that lack focus, depth, or clear goals.
Uninspiring Visuals:
Avoid boards that are overly text-heavy or content is arranged in an uninspiring way. (See example below)

Before
- Empty cards with minimal content and superficial project planning.
ALT

After
-  Includes diverse boards with a rich mix of visual elements, such as arrows and drawings, demonstrating comprehensive and detailed project planning.
ALT
Example boards:
If you need some inspiration when setting up your boards check out
our guides.
Renovation Project Plan
ALT
Renovation Moodboard
ALT
Renovation Design Brief
ALT
Renovation Materials List
ALT
If you need some inspiration when setting up your boards check out our
Home Renovation & DIY templates
Script
Once your boards are approved, you can begin preparing your draft script. We require at least a rough outline before filming starts to prevent post-production changes and reshoots. There's no need to provide a complete script for the entire integrationjust the main bullet points of what you plan to do. We encourage you to talk about Milanote in a way that feels genuine and authentic to your profession. For example:

Script flow with examples:
Introduce sponsorship
[Screen:
Cut to Milanote Logo
]
Describe what Milanote is
[Screen:
Show Milanote web app in action]
Milanote is a tool for organizing your creative projects.
[Screen:
Show your project board
]
Its an online canvas designed to help you plan, brainstorm, and collaborate on ideas.
Describe how you use Milanote
[Screen:
Show your project board
]
Right now, Im using Milanote to plan and organize my creative project on _____.
[Screen:
Add elements to board
]
Its perfect creatives like myself, because it allows you to organize your ideas visually, in a way that makes sense to you.
[Screen:
clicking into sub-board
]
Ive organized my project into several boards, such as a research board and a storyboard.
[Screen:
Interact with sub-board
]
I gathered some visual inspiration of similar projects I found online. I can add notes, images, videos, tasks and more - all in one place.
Describe how your audience could use Milanote
[Screen:
Show built-in template picker
]
Milanote makes starting a new project easy, with over 100 built-in templates available for every type of creative project. For example, I used the  _____ template to plan  _____
[Screen: Show relevant templates]
Milanote is perfect for creative professionals - whether youre a filmmaker, interior designer, writer, or content creator, it is designed to help you organise your work
Describe how to collaborate and share work
[Screen:
Add comment to board
]
When you're ready to share your work, you can invite your team to gather important feedback and collaborate with them in real-time. For example, I shared this board with _____ to get their feedback on the design.
Call to action
[Screen:
Cut back to Host
]
Finally, Milanote is available for free with no time-limit so sign up for a free Milanote account using the link in the description.

What to avoid in your script
Mentioning YouTube Planning:
Since many viewers may not be YouTubers, discussing how you use Milanote for YouTube content planning may not be relatable; such as YouTube thumbnail, title, and posting schedule.
Neglecting an Introduction:
Avoid diving straight into your project without first explaining what Milanote is. Briefly describe Milanote is a tool for organizing your creative projects.
Sign-Up Instructions
:
Refrain from mentioning 'downloading' Milanote. Instead, direct users to 'sign up for free.'
Forgetting Call to Action:
Remember to encourage your viewers to sign up using the link in the description.
Step 3: Shoot your draft video
Now that we've reviewed and approved your boards and script, you can begin filming the Milanote integration portion of the video. We recommend using screen capture software such as
Loom
. Capturing the entire window offers the clearest view of your content and the Milanote interface, and gives the audience a good sense of what it's like to actually use the software.

Tips for the draft video
Display our
animated logo
at the first mention of Milanote.
Ensure correct pronunciation of "Milanote" by referring to this
pronunciation guide
.
Start screen recordings from the main project board, not an empty
Home
screen.
Show the entirety of your Milanote boards on-screen. Including the toolbar and title bars. It's completely fine to film
some
sections using an external camera pointed at your screen, but this should be used sparingly.
Try not to rush through your Milanote boards and allow the viewer time to gain a better understanding of how youre using it and how they might use it themselves.

What to avoid in your video
Avoid using other clips of Milanote found online or from milanote.com
Dont start on an empty board or the home screen
Dont add any distracting visual effects i.e. excessive zooming in on the board / excessive cropping of the interface.
The first time each element in Milanotes toolbar is used, it triggers a tooltip popupmake sure these have all been triggered before you begin shooting your video. You should also make sure to disable any distracting browser extensions (eg. Grammarly) or toolbars before you start recording.
Example b-roll screen recordings
This video format (mp4) cant be played on this device.
Learn more
Step 4:
Publish the video and receive payment

Congratulations! Its time to go live!
After your video has been approved, well share a unique signup link for you to add to the top pf the description section of your live video.
Top line of the video description
: Sign up to Milanote for free with no time-limit:
https://milanote.com/livingwithlk
Pinned comment
:
Thanks to Milanote for sponsoring this video! Sign up for free with no time-limit:
https://milanote.com/livingwithlk
Tags
:
If you use tags in your videos please mention
milanote
and
milanoteapp
Once the video is published, send us an invoice, and well transfer the payment directly to your account via
Wise.com
.

Brand Safety Guidelines
Just a heads-up - Milanote does not sponsor video content that includes any of the following:
Explicit adult themes, language, or imagery
Polarising political topics
Personal attacks or targeted harassment
Unverified theories presented as facts
Notion uses cookies. See
Cookie Notice
for details.
Accept all
Reject all