Hanacue Creative Brief
Made with
Hanacue Creative Brief
Collaboration Timeline

Step 1.
Choose a video topic and Milanote use case
Step 2.
Draft boards and script for the segment
Step 3.
Shoot the draft video segment
Step 4.
Publish the video and receive payment
Milanote Overview

What is Milanote?
Milanote is a tool for organizing creative projects
Milanote exists to help people think and plan better at the early stages of the creative process. Its a flexible and unstructured workspace that lets ideas grow in whatever way makes sense to you. It feels less like traditional software and more like working on a wall in a creative studio.

Getting familiar with Milanote
If you're new to Milanote, start by
signing up for a free account
.
We suggest spending some time
familiarising yourself with Milanote
. Trying the product will allow you to understand how the features work and how they can fit into your creative process, as well as give you an opportunity to come up with ideas for a good project to share with your audience.
Step 1: Choose your video topic and project idea
Milanote is designed to help you plan and organize your creative projects. For your video, select a project that not only showcases how you use Milanote to bring your creative ideas to life but also aligns with your chosen video topic.
For example
,
if youre video topic is creating a new piece of art, you could make Milanote boards for the project plan and moodboard of the visual direction.
Once you have decided on a video topic and related Milanote project, share it with us for review.

Suggestions for your Milanote project:
Make a plan for your project
Write a creative brief
Brainstorm subject matter ideas
Collect inspiration in a moodboard
Make a style guide
Build a brand assets board
Example video collaborations:
Step 2: Draft your Milanote boards and script for the segment
Boards
Once we've agreed on the video topic and how Milanote fits in, you can begin assembling the Milanote boards you will show in your video. In most cases, this will be the audiences first impression of Milanote, so your boards will need to be well-presented, look visually engaging and showcase the correct usage of the tool. When you've completed your Milanote boards, please share a link with us for review.

Please make sure that '
Invite editors via a link
' is enabled, as tips/ suggestions maybe added to the boards.

Guidelines for Creating Your Boards:
Multiple Boards:
Ensure you complete one project board and one sub-board. For example, create a
Project Plan
and a
Moodboard
as the sub-board.
Variety of Elements
:
Include various elements such as notes, images, website links, sketches, task cards, and color swatches.
Visual Appeal
: Design your boards to be visually engaging. Use a balanced mix of images, arrows linking related cards, and a thoughtfully planned layout.
Board Titles
:
Choose goal-oriented titles for your boards, such as Client Brief or Moodboard, to clearly indicate their purpose.
What to Avoid:
Empty Cards:
Steer clear of including blank note cards or task lists.
YouTube References:
Avoid using YouTube-related names or references, such as "YouTube Board" or "Brand Sponsorship Script." Avoid showcasing planning out thumbnails and video titles.
Insufficient Content:
Ensure boards are not sparse or lacking in meaningful content.
Aimless Content Dumps:
Refrain from creating boards that lack focus, depth, or clear goals.
Uninspiring Visuals:
Avoid boards that are overly text-heavy or content is arranged in an uninspiring way. (See example below)

Before
- Empty cards with minimal content and superficial project planning.
ALT

After
-  Includes diverse boards with a rich mix of visual elements, such as arrows and drawings, demonstrating comprehensive and detailed project planning.
ALT
Example boards:
Design Brief
ALT
Research Subject Matter
ALT
Moodboard
ALT
Brainstorm Ideas
ALT
If you need some inspiration when setting up your boards, check out our
Guides Section
.
Script
You can begin preparing your draft script. We require at least a rough outline before filming starts to prevent post-production changes and reshoots. There's no need to provide a complete script for the entire integrationjust the main bullet points of what you plan to do. We encourage you to talk about Milanote in a way that feels genuine and authentic to your profession. For example:

Script flow with examples:
Describe what Milanote is
[Screen:
Cut to Milanote Logo
]
Milanote is a tool for organizing your creative projects.
[Screen:
Show your project board
]
Its an online canvas designed to help you plan, brainstorm, and collaborate on ideas.
Describe how you use Milanote
[Screen:
Show your project board
]
Right now, Im using Milanote to plan and organize my creative project on _____.
[Screen:
Add elements to board
]
Its perfect creatives like myself, because it allows you to organize your ideas visually, in a way that makes sense to you.
[Screen:
clicking into sub-board
]
Ive organized my project into several boards, such as a research board and a storyboard.
[Screen:
Interact with sub-board
]
I gathered some visual inspiration of similar projects I found online. I can add notes, images, videos, tasks and moreall in one place.
Describe how your audience could use Milanote
[Screen:
Show built-in template picker
]
Milanote makes starting a new project easy, with over 100 built-in templates available for every type of creative project. For example, I used the  _____ template to plan  _____
[Screen: Show related template]
Milanote is perfect for creative professionals, teams, and creative hobbyists. Whether youre planning a home renovation or managing a film shoot, you can adapt it to your needs.
Describe how to collaborate and share work
[Screen:
Add comment to board
]
When you're ready to share your work, you can invite your team to gather important feedback and collaborate with them in real-time. For example, I shared this board with _____ to get their feedback on the design.
Call to action
[Screen:
Cut back to Host
]
Finally, Milanote is available for free with no time-limit so sign up for a free Milanote account using the link in the description.

What to avoid in your script
Mentioning YouTube Planning:
Since many viewers may not be YouTubers, discussing how you use Milanote for YouTube content planning may not be relatable; such as YouTube thumbnail, title, and posting schedule.
Neglecting an Introduction:
Avoid diving straight into your project without first explaining what Milanote is. Briefly describe Milanote is a tool for organizing your creative projects.
Sign-Up Instructions
:
Refrain from mentioning 'downloading' Milanote. Instead, direct users to 'sign up for free.'
Forgetting Call to Action:
Remember to encourage your viewers to sign up using the link in the description.
Step 3: Shoot your draft video
Now that we've reviewed and approved your boards and script, you can begin filming the Milanote integration portion of the video. We recommend using screen capture software such as
Loom
. Capturing the entire window offers the clearest view of your content and the Milanote interface, and gives the audience a good sense of what it's like to actually use the software.

Guidelines for Creating Your Video:
Logo:
Display our
animated logo
at the first mention of Milanote.
Milanote Pronunciation:
Ensure the correct pronunciation of "Milanote" by referring to this
pronunciation guide
.
Tool Interface:
Show the entirety of your Milanote boards on-screen. Including the toolbar and title bars.
Tool Visibility:
Ensure that Milanote is prominently and frequently shown on screen throughout the video. Avoid static or minimal views of the boards.
B-roll
: Using an external camera for some sections is completely fine but should be limited. Ensure clarity when filming iPad screens, but primarily showcase Milanote on the desktop app.
Interaction:
Frequently interact with your boardsdrag and drop features, add images, add text, and move elements around (
see example here
)
Start Screen Recordings:
Begin recordings from the project board, not from an empty
Home
screen (see example below)

Show Project board
ALT

Avoid showing Home screen
ALT

What To Avoid:
External Clips:
Avoid using clips of Milanote sourced from online platforms or
milanote.com
. Instead, focus on creating original content, and refrain from including footage of scrolling on the website (
see example
).
Distracting Visual Effects:
Avoid adding any distracting visual effects i.e. excessive zooming in on the board / excessive cropping of the interface.
Quick Pacing:
Avoid rushing through your Milanote boards - allow the viewer enough time to gain a better understanding of how the tool works.
Tooltip Pop-ups:
If youre new to Milanote, the tooltip pop-up will appear during the onboarding stage. Make sure to trigger all tooltips before shooting, and disable any distracting browser extensions (e.g., Grammarly) or toolbars.
Board scrolling:
While showcasing fully completed boards is useful, its crucial to include interactions like dragging and dropping elements, rearranging items, and actively building your boards on-screen. Increased interaction helps viewers better understand how Milanote works.
Example b-roll screen recordings
This video format (mp4) cant be played on this device.
Learn more
This video format (mp4) cant be played on this device.
Learn more
Step 4:
Publish the video and receive payment

Congratulations! Its time to go live!
After your video has been approved, well share a unique signup link for you to add to the top pf the description section of your live video.
Top line of the video description
: Sign up to Milanote for free with no time-limit:
https://milanote.com/hanacue0325
Pinned comment
:
Thanks to Milanote for sponsoring this video! Sign up for free with no time-limit:
https://milanote.com/hanacue0325
Tags
:
If you use tags in your videos please mention
milanote
and
milanoteapp
Once the video is published, send us an invoice and well transfer payment directly into your account via
Wise.com
.
Notion uses cookies. See
Cookie Notice
for details.
Accept all
Reject all